This is  an e-commerce shopping website based on Python3 and Django2

The project uses the API provided by Django as much as possible, and the backend management system is based on Django's django-admin.

## Functionalities:

-Product browsing: product pictures, price, type, brief introduction and inventory information.
-Full-text search: supports the search for product types, product names, and brief introductions.
-Login and registration: user's login and registration.
-User Center: Support the update of user's personal information, delivery address and other information, adding products to the shopping cart, and generating orders.
-Commodity ordering: With the support of the payment interface and corporate qualifications, the ordering function of the product can be completed, and the ordering process will be finished according to atomic transaction processing. If the order is abnormal, the ordering process will be terminated.
-Backend management: Support backend management, product and user information update and deletion, customizable styles and functions.


## Installation:

### Dependent package installation

After downloading the file into the project directory, use pip to install the dependency package

<code>pip install -Ur requirements.txt</code>

### Database configuration

The database uses the database <code>sqlite</code> automatically created when the <code>Django</code> project is generated by default.

You can also configure your own connection to use MySQL.

### Create Super User

Execute in the terminal:

<code>./python manage.py createsuperuser</code>

Then enter the corresponding super user name and password, and then email.

### start system

Execute in the terminal:

<code>./python manage.py runserver</code>

Open the browser: <code>http://127.0.0.1</code> to enter the normal user portal

Open the browser: <code>http://127.0.0.1/admin</code> to enter the super user portal
